hey what is going on everybody to him
welcome to a new black ops 2 best class
episode now today we're going to be
covering the m1216 which is actually the
only burst shotgun in black ops 2 or
even the only burst shot gun in any Call
of Duty for that matter and before we
get into the class setup I first I
wanted to say two things about this
weapon first things first I do know a
lot of people simply do not like this
weapon that a lot of people feel like
that this is the worst primary in black
ops 2 now I will not be the one to say
that this thing is great but I will be
the one to say that this thing is not
half that bad if you just make sure you
stay within your effective range the
m1216 does not have a lot of range so
you want to make sure you stay indoors
or you either want to go from cover to
cover but you want to make sure you do
not end up in a long line of sight
because if that happens chances are
extremely likely that you will not
survive that anyway the next thing you
should keep in mind is that you should
always fire one full burst basically
when you're in a gunfight you want to
make sure that you fire every four
bullets that he can fire because when I
actually tried to use the m1216 for the
first time I used it kind of like the
r870 I tried to get as close to my
enemies as I possibly could what you
should still do but you shouldn't fire
just one bullet that is actually what I
did I only fired one bullet in the hope
that I would get a one-hit kill and this
is incredibly ineffective I ended up
getting quite a few hit markets and
because of that I actually ended up
dying quite a few times so you want to
make sure that you always complete one
full burst
anyway the class setup that we're going
to be taking a look at today is shown on
screen now it's the m1216 with the long
barrel in the laser sight my secondary
is the five-seven pistol my wild card is
perk 3 greed allowing me to have a
second pair of three my first perk is
light weight my second perk is scavenger
my two third perks are engineer and
tactical mask and my lethal equipment is
DC for now in this video of course going
to be breaking down this class setup I'm
going to be explaining to you why use
these perks why use these attachments
etcetera and we first off go to me take
a look at the attachments we took once
again the long barrel and the laser
sight and the long barrel for those of
you that don't know simply increases
your effective range by 15% now this
means that you will keep that one-hit
kill potential for a longer period of
time and with guns like the m1216 so if
guns that do not have a lot of range the
long rail is actually one of the bed
attachments that you could possibly use
and then the laser side just to tighten
my hipfire spread for those of you that
don't know these shotguns literally are
the most accurate when you're aiming
down sights they are pretty accurate at
close range in terms of hip firing but
the laser side will definitely improve
hipfire performance by quite a bit so
that's why I use that and then of course
d5 795 seven is more or less kind of
like a backup weapon like I said this
gun or any shotgun for that matter is
horrible in terms of long range
engagements and the five-seven is
actually one of those pistols that works
pretty well at long range and medium
range as well so that is why I use that
but if you are the type of player is
literally just going to pick up and on
the weapon actually just like I did in
this gameplay then the fire except it's
not something that you will need and in
that case I would actually recommend you
to go for the EMP grenade the impunity
goes hand-in-hand with the engineer perk
and will give you a ton of experience
points anyway my first perk is the
lightweight now lightweight first I'll
get rid of any fall damage that you
would usually get without the perk but
the main reason I'm actually using it is
because it increases movement speed by
7% after some of you 7% might not seem
like a lot but when you're using it you
will definitely notice a difference
between are you using lightweight or not
using lightweight anyway at the start of
this video I said that with this gun you
want to make sure you get as close to
your enemies as you possibly can and
lightweight is simply going to help you
do that a little bit faster so that is
why I use them now you scavenger not
because I feel like I'm going to be
running out of ammo with the m1216
because I usually don't really run out
of ammo with these shotguns but I
actually use it just to make sure that I
can get my c4 over and over and over
again after usually for a ton lately
this thing is on the phone and I would
definitely recommend anyone out there to
try it out if you have it already anyway
my two third birds are engineer and
tactical mask now engineer first off
actually allows you to see enemy
equipment through walls such as
claymores bouncing Betties shock charges
etc and also delays to trigger time for
those equipments and then tactical mask
protects against truck charges flashbang
stun grenades etc and the combination of
the two the combination of engineer and
tactical mask is actually a perfect
combination that is incredibly powerful
protection against almost everything if
you also combine that with something
like flak jacket where using a soul
rifle you basically protect it against
anything that your enemy can throw at
you and
that was it for today's base class set
of video if your m1216 class that looks
a little bit different or a lot
different for the matter and be sure to
leave it in the comments down below for
orders to take a look at and even try
out if they want to a like rating would
as always be very much appreciated if
not that is of course cool as well now
if you'd like me to cover a specific gun
in the next one then be sure to leave it
in the comments down below but you gotta
remember that I already covered every
single assault rifle and every single
SMG here on my channel if you want to
see any of those then be sure to head
over to my channel go to playlist and
check out my black ops 2 best clubs
playlist and in there you will find
every single assault rifle and SMG
anyway on the screen right now is my
latest video it's actually a video about
the next DLC which is apparently going
to be called uprising if you haven't
checked out that video yet and you
aren't interested in checking it out
then be sure to do so or that's it I
hope you enjoyed the video and I hope to
see some of you next time take it easy
[Music]